Remove markdown handling from the docs (#1597)
NNPDF/nnpdf: doc/sphinx/source/tutorials/apfelcomb.rst

(antineutrino-iron)

**Single-Inclusive electron-positron annihilation, Time-Like Evolution
(SIA)**: - SIA_F2: [NC] SIA structure function F2 = FT + FL
(electron-proton) - SIA_FL: [NC] SIA structure function FL
(electron-proton) - SIA_FA: [NC] SIA structure function FA
(electron-proton) - SIA_XSEC_NF4: [NC] SIA absolute cross section (nf=4)
(electron-proton) - SIA_XSEC: [NC] SIA absolute cross section
(electron-proton) - SIA_NORM_XSEC_LONG_L: [NC] SIA normalized light
longitudinal cross section (electron-proton) - SIA_NORM_XSEC_LONG_BT:
[NC] SIA normalized bottom longitudinal cross section (electron-proton)
- SIA_NORM_XSEC_LONG: [NC] SIA normalized total longitudinal cross
section (electron-proton) - SIA_NORM_XSEC_L: [NC] SIA normalized light
cross section (electron-proton) - SIA_NORM_XSEC_CH: [NC] SIA normalized
charm cross section (electron-proton) - SIA_NORM_XSEC_BT: [NC] SIA
normalized bottom cross section (electron-proton) - SIA_NORM_XSEC_TP:
[NC] SIA normalized top cross section (electron-proton) -
SIA_NORM_XSEC_NF4: [NC] SIA normalized total cross section (nf=4)
(electron-proton) - SIA_NORM_XSEC: [NC] SIA normalized total cross

> section (electron-proton)

Reviewer: The conversion has not quite worked for this list (adding `\n` before every `-` should suffice I guess?)

one has to delete and re-generate the sqlite database ``apfelcomb.db``
This is easily done by running ``db/generate_database.sh``.

Helper scripts
--------------

Several helper scripts are provided to make using APFELcomb easier
(particularly when generating a full set of FK tables for a particular
theory). - ``scripts/disp_grids.py`` displays a full list of
APPLgrid/FastNLO, DIS or DYP subgrids implemented in APFELcomb. -
``run_allgrids.py [theoryID] [job script]`` scans the results directory
and submits jobs for all missing subgrids for the specified theory. -
``test_submit.py`` is an example [job script] to be used for
``run\_allgrids.py``. These scripts specify how jobs are launched on a
given cluster. - ``hydra_submit.py`` is the [job script] for the HYDRA
cluster in Oxford. - ``merge_allgrids.py [theoryID]`` merges all
subgrids in the results directory for a specified theory into final FK
tables. This does not delete subgrids. - ``finalise.sh [theoryID]`` runs
C-factor scaling, copies ``COMPOUND`` files, deletes the subgrids, and
finally compresses the result into a theory.tgz file ready for upload. -
``results/upload_theories`` automatically upload to the server all the

> theory.tgz files that have been generated.

Reviewer: It seems to be in general for this file at least that the lists have not been parsed correctly.

Generating a complete theory
----------------------------

The general workflow for generating a complete version of a given theory

> (on a cluster) cluster is then: \``\` ./run_allgrids.py
> ./hydra_submit.sh # Submit all APFELcomb subgrid-jobs # Once all subgrid
> jobs have successfully finished ./merge_allgrids.py # Merge subgrids
> into FK tables # If merging is successful ./finalise.sh # Results in a
> final theory at ./results/theory\_.tgz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(on a cluster) cluster is then: 

.. code: bash
    ./run_allgrids.py
    ./hydra_submit.sh # Submit all APFELcomb subgrid-jobs
    # Once all subgrid jobs have successfully finished 
    ./merge_allgrids.py # Merge subgrids into FK tables 
    # If merging is successful 
    ./finalise.sh  # Results in afinal theory at ./results/theory\_.tgz
```
